README.md, before:

# Lens Platform Sdk

Lens Platform Client SDK

Use SDK in Lens extension:
```ts
import { LensPlatformClient } from "lens-platform-sdk"
import { Component } from "@k8slens/extensions";

const lensPlatformClient = new LensPlatformClient({
    accessToken: "", // the access token for apis
    getAccessToken: () => {}, // the callback to be called before every request, useful if the access token needs to be renew often.
    keyCloakAddress: "", // keycloak address, e.g. "https://keycloak.k8slens.dev"
    keycloakRealm: "", // the realm name, e.g. "lensCloud" 
    apiEndpointAddress: "", // api endpoint address, e.g. "https://api.k8slens.dev"
    exceptionHandler: (exception): void => {
      Component.Notifications.error(`${exception.message} ${exception.response?.body}`)
    }
});
```

## Lint

We are using xo (an `eslint` wrapper with good defaults) as linter.

Auto fix
`npx xo --fix`

Install xo editor plugins for better DX
<https://github.com/xojs/xo#editor-plugins>

Search `xo` in `package.json` to change settings

Commit message:

Add TeamsService and InvitationService, add unit tests, fix bugs found by unit tests (#11)
* Add TeamService

* Add additional UserService methods

* Change filename tsconfig.base.json to tsconfig.json so editor can pick up

* Move 'target': 'ES2019' to tsconfig.json (base)

* Set up test infra, add a section explaining in README

* Fix type-checking errors

* Remove unused script

* Use eslint sharable conifg xo/xo-typescript instead of directly using xo, make jest ignore /dist

* Remove unused configs

* Add line-break for better readability

* Remove babel.config.json, move config inside jest. block

* Update README

* Disable log when in test

* Add unit test, and fix bugs found by unit tests

* Add test pipeline

* Add missing eslint

README.md, after:

# Lens Platform Sdk

Lens Platform Client SDK

Use SDK in Lens extension:

```ts
import { LensPlatformClient } from "lens-platform-sdk"
import { Component } from "@k8slens/extensions";

const lensPlatformClient = new LensPlatformClient({
    accessToken: "", // the access token for apis
    getAccessToken: () => {}, // the callback to be called before every request, useful if the access token needs to be renew often.
    keyCloakAddress: "", // keycloak address, e.g. "https://keycloak.k8slens.dev"
    keycloakRealm: "", // the realm name, e.g. "lensCloud" 
    apiEndpointAddress: "", // api endpoint address, e.g. "https://api.k8slens.dev"
    exceptionHandler: (exception): void => {
      Component.Notifications.error(`${exception.message} ${exception.response?.body}`)
    }
});
```

## Lint

```bash
npm run lint
```

## Type Check

You should enable ts support in you editor with type-checking.

Or type-checking from CLI

```bash
npm run check:type
```

## Test

The "all-in-one" test script would run linter, type-checking, and unit tests in parallel.

```bash
npm run test
```

You can also run unit tests only

```bash
npm run test:unit [-- --watch]
```

which is just a shortcut for `npx jest [--watch]`
